README.md, before:

# Budgify

A budget web app showcasing the ability of porgrammable banking

![Dashboard](/docs/dashboard.png)

## Requirements

- Terminal Application
  - [MAC](https://support.apple.com/en-za/guide/terminal/apd5265185d-f365-44cb-8b09-71a064a42125/mac)
  - [Windows](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EqaEPL9ZKGA)
- Node installed on your machine [Guide](https://kinsta.com/blog/how-to-install-node-js/)
- Access to the [Investec Programmable Banking API](https://www.investec.com/en_za/banking/tech-professionals/programmable-banking.html)

## Getting Started

Open your terminal and run the following

```bash
git clone https://github.com/dominicsanto/budgify.git
npm install
npm run dev
```

NB: Create the following file in the root director `.env.local` and add the following:

```
API_HOST=https://openapi.investec.com
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

If you would like to fork this app, please see the [following](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/quickstart/fork-a-repo)

## Contributions

Pull requests and changes are welcome

Commit message:

fix: README to accomodate .env file :wrench:

README.md, after:

# Budgify

A budget web app showcasing the ability of porgrammable banking

![Dashboard](/docs/dashboard.png)

## Requirements

- Terminal Application
  - [MAC](https://support.apple.com/en-za/guide/terminal/apd5265185d-f365-44cb-8b09-71a064a42125/mac)
  - [Windows](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EqaEPL9ZKGA)
- Node installed on your machine [Guide](https://kinsta.com/blog/how-to-install-node-js/)
- Access to the [Investec Programmable Banking API](https://www.investec.com/en_za/banking/tech-professionals/programmable-banking.html)

## Getting Started

Open your terminal and run the following

```bash
git clone https://github.com/dominicsanto/budgify.git
Rename the `.env.local.example` to `.env.local`
```

Then run the following

```bash
cd budgify
npm install
npm run dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

If you would like to fork this app, please see the [following](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/quickstart/fork-a-repo)

## Contributions

Pull requests and changes are welcome

## License

This project is MIT licensed
